1/27 Global Game Jam
1.setting up script for both player and star, basically what they do now is just adding tag to the object
2.Now I set up a game manager to handle thing between objects, now it can get the distance between stars and player
3.the coefficient for the star sound is the distance and divide by 10, it did fit the range of 0~1, but the effect should wait
4.for each star, it should contain a collider 2D and a Sprite Renderer, and a audio source (Maybe?)
5.instead of using button for each star, use raycast, BEWARE!!! Because we are doing a 2D game, so thing should be using 2D component, such as Raycast2D, Physic2D
6. In the GameManager, all reference of player and star are all dragged by developer, also the answer of this level are handcrafted by developer when they type it
7. Add a public function which player could send a circle wave, for now it would be called when game manager detect the raycast was on the player -- It suceed to call function from game manager
8. adding audio source to each star, and add a simple test on each stars
9. making wave as a prefab, and attach it to the player(Eric did it)
6. Creating number sprite and attach them to game manager
10.remember to initialize the array of detecting whether the star has been pressed or not.
11.Instead of reference prefab of numbers to gameManager, reference the gameobject in the scene instead
12. attach tag as well as the number behave to the number sprite
13. now all the number sprite was being reference by an array of game Manager and it will set them to invisible on the beginning. Also, it can be toggled.
14. add a level manager who store the answer of all level
15. add a submit button


To-do or haven't done
1.draw the wave with sprite creator, add a reference in player with wave object, so that player can create it (haven't done)
2. add a input of number to the playsound function of starBehave, so that it can play different clips based on that.
3. Should game manager handling the whole event of playing sound?, or should the star handle it?

4.When player hit the star, it suppose to show the order of answer of that star on a box above the star

5.ask the art team to draw some simple number sprite if it is possible

6.Do the pressed funtion for showing number beside stars
